Vegan hot dogs have rendered meat-based franks utterly obsolete.#vegan #hotdogs #chicago
I checked in some bugfixes this morning so I assume that means I can just fuck around on OpenStreetMap for the rest of the day
every time I get an ad from aspen dentures I go floss
Is shaving your balls straight coded? #lgbtq #lgbtqia #shitpost
If I were producing The Traitors I would let contestants compose anonymous telegrams to be delivered at breakfast the next day. Letting players anonymously shit-talk each other would take things up a notch I think.#Traitors #TV
Padres manager Mike Shildt announces retirementhttps://youtu.be/Hm7vnOC4hoY
Morbius made more money than Tron 3: Tronning Harder.This is because Morbius is the greatest movie ever made in the history of cinema. All movies combined have made less than a Morbillion.
The children yearn for the mines hospitalshttps://www.wsj.com/us-news/education/healthcare-jobs-high-school-bb8dd013#healthcare
I was that close to the gate.#Rogule 2025-10-13🧝 4xp ☠🧟 401 👣 streak: 0⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⚔ 🐺🧟🧟🌰🌰🌰🌰🌰🍄💎💎https://rogule.com
Star Trek doesn't have Glup Shittos because it's far more restrictive about what it allows into its canon.
Leaderboard:1.  (🧮46,⚔️24,🎁23,📈  4,📅62.             (🧮42,⚔️26,🎁23,📈  5,📅63.             (🧮24,⚔️15,🎁13,📈  1,📅34.              (🧮7,⚔️5,🎁6,📈  5,📅1(🧮=Score,⚔️=Kills,🎁=Items,📈=Streak,📅=Days)See bot profile for more details.👁️
This is a terrible day for Canada and therefor the world
But I'm probably gonna suffer through multiple super typhoons first
Damn one day if I stay in this country I'm gonna die in an earthquake or tsunami
Malarkey level of going to No Kings and trying to convince people that we also need no Presidents and that we should adopt a Parliamentary system?
#Rogule 2025-10-13🧝 3xp ☠🧟 357 👣 streak: 0⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⚔ 🐺🌰🌰🌰🌰⬜🍄💎💎https://rogule.comDamn zombies.
There are a lot of popular themes in post-apocalyptic storytelling that you see over and over: "War never changes," "People are the real monsters," "Man's hubris will be our undoing," "Civilization is defined by people, not laws," etc.I think a theme we need to explore more in times like ours is "Nobody is coming to save you."It's up to us. We can't sit and wait for a hero to swoop in and save the day. We each have a part to play, and every little thing helps.All we have is each other.
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yardAnd they're like, "Do you have a vegan option?"My milkshake brings all the boys to the yardAnd they're like, "WHAT ON EARTH IS THIS""HOW DID I GET HERE""FREE WILL IS AN ILLUSION"My milkshake brings all the boys to the yardAnd they're like, "God dammit Apple Maps."My milkshake brings all the boys to the yardAnd they're like, "Ma'am, I'm a county health inspector. There have been several complaints. Do you even have a business license?"
Why do birds suddenly appear Anytime you are nearNo, seriously, this is getting weird That's a worrisome amount of vultures
That ghoul Stefan Müller looks like the kind of guy whose contribution to the #TTRPG night snackshare is gas station sushi.

Let’s. Play. Ball. #baseball #bluejays #mariners
Crazy that the wokest time period of US history was Trump’s 1st term.
Spanish neoliberals in 1873: "my king left me 😔" 👁️
I am still wearing my yellow live strong bracelet
 this is my first time posting something to PieFed from my mastodon account, glad to see it worked!
The power of imagination
Basically summons are a balance nightmare not worth the extreme effort. Multiclassing too is kind of a balance nightmare and still an effort but it's at least less effort. I think other archetypes do the multiclass thing more cleanly and with less effort now.
did George Bush Jr actually screw up his words on purpose to look more personable, or is that cope that my parents fed me as a kid lol 👁️
A bat and two wolves in the first two rooms?#Rogule 2025-10-12🧝 4xp ☠🐺 25 👣 streak: 0⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⚔ 🦇🐺🌰⬜⬜⬜🍄https://rogule.com
Why do people keep adding summons to the game? So much effort with so little gain. It adds too much complexity - which will only be worth it if you plan to use it often, which probably makes them overpowered. That or make them good but for rare ultimates only so you can have your cake and eat it too. Honestly what's the point otherwise? Games could be so much more minimalist this way especially in the ai realm.
Ok. The whole AI space just seems to be screaming just use PPO.
With regards to the new 3v3 MOBA game mode in WC3, it seems you can just go Lich, Shadow Hunter, Archmage comp with all Orb of Venom will just bully every melee hero no?
Everyone complaining about “accuracy to the source material” when talking about a black guy being in the odyssey, but no one is complaining about Nolan trying to pass Matt Damon’s pasty ass as a Mediterranean guy who has been abandoned at sea and exposed to the sun for years.It’s less accurate for an ethnically Irish guy to be in the odyssey than a black guy considering the Greeks didn’t even know Ireland existedI’m starting to thing these people are just racist 🤔🤔🤔
Wait! I thought Aridon was a good guy in Arkain
Damn. Jolibee reactions blowing up because of katseye. Too bad I'm probably not gonna be able to taste it.
Is everything just redder on my phone than laptop?
Wait. I ran out of gpt-5. I wonder how it fares?
Ok. Chatgpt seem to be better at searching open access versions of papers.
So, y'know.Good night, and good luck.
...they'll give the administration all the excuses it needs to escalate the use of force against the people. That state of affairs can last for a long time, but not forever. We're seeing it in other countries. The rot will deepen, and the rights of the people will vanish one by one.When change comes, and come it will, it will be sudden, and it will be violent. Things will get a lot worse before they get better, IF they get better. There's good odds one regime will be followed by a worse one.
...unfortunately, the administration isn't interested in holding an election it might lose. Therefore they will set things up so they'll win. People will still get to cast ballots, but those won't be allowed to make a difference.Some people will throw their hands up and say, "Well, we've tried," and go back to their daily struggles. Some will be more vocal. Some will plot violence.The vocal ones will be harassed, bullied, and silenced. The violent ones will be seen as more useful, because...
